Adopt a8c-secrets for the demo app secrets (#824)
Automattic/Gravatar-SDK-iOS: Sources/GravatarUI/GravatarUI.docc/GettingStarted.md

2. To have access to the Quick Editor through OAuth, set the following `Callback URI`:
  - `https://gravatar.com/iosdemo/oauth/callback` 
3. Copy the `API key`, `Client ID`, and `Callback URI` to be pasted on the demo app.

> 4. Internal contributors: run `a8c-secrets keys import` once (paste the dev key from the Secret Store), then `a8c-secrets decrypt`. External contributors: run `cp Demo/Demo/Secrets.template.swift Demo/Demo/Secrets.external-contributors.swift` and fill in the values from the previous step there.

Author: Tighter alternative, which I kinda like because it bypasses the problem of tracking `a8c-secrets` instructions:
```suggestion

4. Internal contributors: set up`a8c-secrets` and use it to decrypt the secrets, following the instructions in [its `README.md`](https://github.com/Automattic/a8c-secrets#a8c-secrets). External contributors: run `cp Demo/Demo/Secrets.template.swift Demo/Demo/Secrets.external-contributors.swift` and fill in the values from the previous step there.
```
